Don't require `KEY` or `SECRET` to be set on startup (#22320)
directus/directus: docs/self-hosted/config-options.md

| Variable                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                          | Default Value             |
| ----------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |

> | `SECRET`<sup>[1]</sup>              | Secret string for the project.                                                                                                                                                                       | Random UUID               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SECRET`<sup>[1]</sup>              | Secret string for the project.                                                                                                                                                                       | Random value              |
```

| `IMPORT_IP_DENY_LIST`<sup>[2]</sup> | Deny importing files from these IP addresses / IP ranges / CIDR blocks. Use `0.0.0.0` to match any local IP address.                                                                                 | `0.0.0.0,169.254.169.254` |
| `CONTENT_SECURITY_POLICY_*`         | Custom overrides for the Content-Security-Policy header. See [helmet's documentation on `helmet.contentSecurityPolicy()`](https://helmetjs.github.io) for more information.                          | --                        |
| `HSTS_ENABLED`                      | Enable the Strict-Transport-Security policy header.                                                                                                                                                  | `false`                   |
| `HSTS_*`                            | Custom overrides for the Strict-Transport-Security header. See [helmet's documentation](https://helmetjs.github.io) for more information.                                                            | --                        |

> <sup>[1]</sup> when `SECRET` is not set, it will be a random value. Sessions won't persist across system restarts or
> horizontally scaled deployments. Not for production usage.

Reviewer: I'd formulate this a bit more explicitly too

```suggestion
<sup>[1]</sup> When `SECRET` is not set, a random value will be used. This means sessions won't persist across system
restarts or horizontally scaled deployments. Must be explicitly set to a secure random value in production.
```
